README.md, before:

# Fist of Vim
Fast, simple and super awesome Gist-ing for Vim.

<sub>If there were any more superlatives, I would be charging for this!</sub>

## Dependencies
- [gist command line tool](https://github.com/defunkt/gist.git)

Install and configure it by running:

    [sudo] gem install gist && gist --login

## Install
If you don't have a preferred installation method, I recommend installing
[pathogen.vim](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen), and then simply copy and
paste:

    cd ~/.vim/bundle && git clone git://github.com/ajh17/vim-fist.git

Once the helptags have been generated, see `:h vim-fist` for usage.

## Usage
Only breathing is easier than using Fist of Vim. Nevertheless:

Fist of Vim defines two mappings:

`<leader>p` - Create a new gist

`<leader>u` - Update an existing gist

`<leader>l` - List your gists

Fist of Vim also sets the filetype and syntax completely automatically without
you having to set it! Impressive, huh?

You can use Fist of Vim with a visual selection, or in normal mode, in which
case, it is motion based.

For example, in normal mode, `<leader>pG` will create a new gist from the
cursor to the end of file. In visual mode, simply visually select what you want
gisted and then hit `<leader>p` to create a new gist.

### Custom maps
To define your own set of mappings, simply create mappings for these functions:

`<plug>fov_new`           - Create a new gist

`<plug>fov_update`        - Update a gist

`<plug>fov_visual_new`    - Create a new gist (visual mode)

`<plug>fov_visual_update` - Update a gist (visual mode)

`<plug>fov_list`          - List your gists.

Example: `nmap <leader>f <plug>fov_new`


### Configuration
Fist of Vim offers these hilariously named variables so it can be configured to
your exacting standards:

`g:fist_anonymously`   - Creates a new anonymous gist.

`g:fist_opens_browser` - Open the gist in the browser automatically.

`g:fist_in_private`    - Create a secret gist

`g:fist_no_maps`       - Don't define any mappings automatically.


## FAQ
> What is the deal with the name "Fist"?

Taken from <i>"<b>F</b>ast G<b>ist</b> for Vim that is simply the bee's
knees"</i>. Or because "Gisty" was too good and was already taken. Or because
the Author racked his brain and couldn't think of anything else. You get to
decide! Either way, Fist of Vim was born!


## License
Copyright (c) Akshay Hegde. Distributed under the same terms as Vim itself. See
`:help license`

Commit message:

Version 1.6
* Better UX when listing gists
* Added a g:fist_dispatch variable to optionally use async when listing gists
* Fixed an issue where filename was not getting set.
* Cleaned up default maps to not use `hasmapto()` to prevent errors.
* Documentation updates

README.md, after:

# Fist of Vim
Fast, simple and super awesome Gist-ing for Vim.

<sub>If there were any more superlatives, I would be charging for this!</sub>

## Dependencies
- [gist](https://github.com/defunkt/gist.git) - "Potentially the best command
  line gister"

Install and configure it by running:

    [sudo] gem install gist && gist --login

## Install
If you don't have a preferred installation method, I recommend installing
[pathogen.vim](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen), and then simply copy and
paste:

    cd ~/.vim/bundle && git clone git://github.com/ajh17/vim-fist.git

Once the helptags have been generated, see `:h vim-fist` for usage.

## Usage
Only breathing is easier than using Fist of Vim.

Fist of Vim defines these super simple mappings by default:

`<leader>p` - Create a new Gist

`<leader>u` - Update an existing Gist

`<leader>l` - List your public Gists

You can use create or update a Gist with a visual selection, or in normal mode,
in which case, it is motion based.

For example, in normal mode, `<leader>pG` will create a new Gist from the
cursor to the end of file. In visual mode, you can simply select and then hit
`<leader>p` to create a new Gist. 

Fist of Vim also sets the filetype and syntax completely automatically without
you having to set it!

As the philosopher, Staples Inc., once said, "That was easy!"

### Custom Maps
Fist of Vim allows you to choose the Fist to hold the gavel with. In other
words, you can assign your own maps for these:

`<plug>fov_new`           - Create a new Gist (normal mode)

`<plug>fov_update`        - Update a Gist (normal mode)

`<plug>fov_visual_new`    - Create a new Gist (visual mode)

`<plug>fov_visual_update` - Update a Gist (visual mode)

`<plug>fov_list`          - List your Gists.

Example: `nmap <leader>f <plug>fov_new`.

### Configuration
Fist of Vim offers these hilariously named variables so it can be configured to
your exacting standards:

`g:fist_anonymously`   - Creates a new anonymous Gist.

`g:fist_opens_browser` - Open the new/updated Gist in the browser.

`g:fist_in_private`    - Create a secret Gist

`g:fist_no_maps`       - Don't define any mappings automatically.

`g:fist_dispatch`      - When listing Gists, do it asynchronously.

## FAQ
> What is the deal with the name "Fist"?

Taken from <i>"<b>F</b>ast G<b>ist</b> for Vim that is simply the bee's
knees"</i>. Or because "gisty" was too good and was already taken. Or because
the Author racked his brain and couldn't think of anything else. You get to
decide! Either way, Fist of Vim was born!

## License
Copyright (c) Akshay Hegde. Distributed under the same terms as Vim itself. See
`:help license`
